com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$array: int AcceptedTowns
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$array: int DisplayImages
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$array: int ItemCategory
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$array: int ItemDescription
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$array: int ItemImage
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$array: int ItemPrice
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$array: int ItemShortDescription
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$array: int ItemTitle
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$array: int MenuCategories
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$drawable: int back_tile
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$drawable: int background
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$drawable: int border1
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$drawable: int border2
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$drawable: int borderradius1
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$drawable: int borderradius1_high
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$drawable: int borderradius2
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$drawable: int borderradius3
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$drawable: int enteraddress
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$drawable: int food1
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$drawable: int food2
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$drawable: int food3
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$drawable: int food4
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$drawable: int food5
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$drawable: int food6
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$drawable: int food7
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$drawable: int icecream
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$drawable: int icon
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$drawable: int kulfi
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$drawable: int logo
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$drawable: int meal1
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$drawable: int mealhour_bg
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$drawable: int mealopen1
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$drawable: int mealopen2
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$drawable: int mealopen3
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$drawable: int minimeal
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$drawable: int normalmeal
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$drawable: int order
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$drawable: int remove
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$drawable: int specialmeal
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$drawable: int yogurt
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int addressconfirm_text
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int backtomenu
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int buttonholder
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int categories
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int categories_list
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int confirm
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int description
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int help
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int help2
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int hinttext
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int housestreet
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int housestreet_input
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int image
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int imagescroll
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int itemconfirm_text
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int linearLayout1
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int menu_title
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int menuscroll
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int name
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int name_input
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int ordernowemail
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int ordernowsms
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int orderscroll
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int phone
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int phone_input
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int price
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int priceconfirm_text
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int restaurant_address
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int restaurant_motto
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int restaurant_phonenumber
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int restaurant_subtitle
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int startorder
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int title
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int town
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int town_input
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$id: int yourorder
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$layout: int activity_address_page
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$layout: int activity_confirm_page
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$layout: int activity_item_profile
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$layout: int activity_main_menu
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$layout: int activity_menu
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$string: int BackToMenuButton
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$string: int Confirm1
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$string: int Confirm2
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$string: int Confirm3
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$string: int ConfirmOrderNowButton_EMAIL
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$string: int ConfirmOrderNowButton_SMS
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$string: int ConfirmTitle
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$string: int CurrencySign
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$string: int DeliveryHouseAndStreet
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$string: int DeliveryName
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$string: int DeliveryPhone
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$string: int DeliveryTitle
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$string: int DeliveryTown
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$string: int DeliveryYourOrder
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$string: int EmailAdressForEmailOrders
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$string: int HelpLinePhoneNumber
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$string: int IncorrectHomeStreet
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$string: int IncorrectName
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$string: int IncorrectPhone
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$string: int IncorrectTown
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$string: int MenuAddToOrderButton
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$string: int MenuCategories
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$string: int MenuNoItemsInOrder
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$string: int MenuOrderHint
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$string: int MenuTitle
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$string: int MenuYourOrder
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$string: int MobileNumberForSMSOrders
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$string: int Motto
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$string: int OrderByEmailEnabled
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$string: int OrderBySMSEnabled
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$string: int StartOrder_button
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$string: int SubTitle
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$string: int TakeAwayAddress
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$string: int Title
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$string: int app_name
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$style: int AppBaseTheme
com.get2gether.deliveryapp.R$style: int AppTheme
com.rassaapp.deliveryapp.AddressPage
com.rassaapp.deliveryapp.AddressPage: AddressPage()
com.rassaapp.deliveryapp.ConfirmPage
com.rassaapp.deliveryapp.ConfirmPage: ConfirmPage()
com.rassaapp.deliveryapp.ItemProfile
com.rassaapp.deliveryapp.ItemProfile: ItemProfile()
com.rassaapp.deliveryapp.MainMenu
com.rassaapp.deliveryapp.MainMenu: MainMenu()
com.rassaapp.deliveryapp.Menu
com.rassaapp.deliveryapp.Menu: Menu()
